README.md, before:

# Neighborhood Map
A single page application featuring a map of my neighborhood. The page loads with a list of places i.e local attractions for kids and Google map featuring place markers corresponding to these locations. A aseach bar is provided to filter out the desired location which also filters the markers. Upon clicking the marker, the location details available at that point i.e name, address and URL are displayed. The page is responsive and for smaller devices, starts off with a map only default display. A glyph hamburger menu button is provided to toggle the look of the page.

### Contents
Project files : <br/>
index.html - HTML5 page with the app content i.e list of places, search bar, map with the listing markers.<br/>
app.js - Javascript file that includes the Knockout's MVVM organization framework for Model and ViewModel.<br/>
styles.css - CSS3 Stylesheet for the page styling.</br>

### APIs, Frameworks used
Google Maps API</br>
Knockout JS</br>
Bootstrap for CSS</br>
Foursquare venue details API
jQuery


### Installation
Download the project files and open the index.html in the browser.


### References
[Udacity Forum](https://discussions.udacity.com)</br>
[KnockoutJS](http://knockoutjs.com)</br>
[BootStrap](http://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.3/css)</br>
[Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript)</br>
[jQuery Documentation](http://api.jquery.com)</br>
[Foursquare API](https://developer.foursquare.com/docs/api/venues/details)</br>
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)</br>

Commit message:

docs: Update README
Added details of the libraries, APIs used.

README.md, after:

# Neighborhood Map
A single page application featuring a map of my neighborhood. The page loads with a list of places i.e local attractions for kids and a Google map featuring place markers corresponding to these locations. A search bar is provided to filter out the desired location which also filters the markers. Upon clicking the marker, the location details available at that point i.e name, address and URL are displayed. The page is responsive and for smaller devices, starts off with a map only default display. A glyph hamburger menu button is provided to toggle the look of the page.

### Contents
Project files : <br/>
index.html - HTML5 page with the app content i.e list of places, search bar, map with the listing markers.<br/>
app.js - Javascript file that includes the Knockout's MVVM organization framework for Model and ViewModel.<br/>
styles.css - CSS3 Stylesheet for the page styling.</br>

### APIs, Frameworks used
Google Maps API - Javascript API loaded asynchronously for enabling Google map functionality</br>
Knockout JS - JavaScript library used to create a responsive user interface, dynamic UI and model updates using the MVVM architecture</br>
Bootstrap for CSS - Framework used for styling the webpage</br>
Foursquare venue details API - Venue details are fetched asynchronously</br>
jQuery - Library used for HTML Document Object Model manipulation and asynchronous requests


### Installation
Download the project files and open the index.html in the browser.


### References
[Udacity Forum](https://discussions.udacity.com)</br>
[KnockoutJS](http://knockoutjs.com)</br>
[BootStrap](http://getbootstrap.com/docs/3.3/css)</br>
[Google Maps API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript)</br>
[jQuery Documentation](http://api.jquery.com)</br>
[Foursquare API](https://developer.foursquare.com/docs/api/venues/details)</br>
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)</br>
